hi everybody today i want to recap a
cool movie from video game adaptation
called mortal kombat and i hope you
enjoy it
japan 1617 hanzo hasashi is living
peacefully in his compound with his wife
harumi and son satoshi as well as other
members of the shirai ryu clan
as he goes to gather water assassins
from the lin quay clan led by by han
invade and kill the other villagers
bai han goes to hanzo's home to threaten
his family with his ice powers
when he hears harumi scream he runs back
to his home and finds her and satoshi
frozen to death
he can only briefly mourn before he must
defend himself using his own blade he
fights off and slaughters the other
assassins before going after by han
the two fight heavily until by han
drives a blade deep into hanzo's
shoulder
he tells his killer to remember his face
hanzo then hears the sound of his baby
daughter crying in his home
he tries crawling toward the house but
he dies we see a dragon-shaped mark on
his arm before his body burns up and
disappears
[Music]
a bolt of lightning strikes and outsteps
master raiden he takes hanzo's daughter
with him to another realm
text appears stating that earth realm is
under threat of attack from outworld
unless selected champions from the
hisashi bloodline can step forward
jump ahead to the present day where cole
young is set to compete in an mma fight
with only his wife ally and daughter
emily to support him
during the fight cole gets in a few hits
but is ultimately pinned down by his
opponent
despite emily's attempts to lift her
dad's spirits cole ultimately taps out
before he is choked into unconsciousness
after the fight cole is approached by a
man named jax briggs who notices that
coal has a mark on his chest similar to
the one seen on hanzo
cole dismisses it as nothing more than a
birthmark meanwhile cole is also plagued
by a vision of hanzo surrounded by
flames
in outworld by han now going by sub-zero
approaches his master shang tsung as
they are making plans to overtake earth
realm
they know that a descendant of hanzo is
alive but sub-zero sees no threat
cole and ali take emily out for dinner
when it appears to start snowing despite
being july
the table around emily freezes and
sub-zero starts making his way down the
street
he brings hail down on the people but
cole gets emily to safety
the family is saved by jax who drives
them away and shows coal that he has the
same dragon marking on his body
jax gets the youngs to safety and tells
cole to find sonia blade
jax goes off to face sub-zero on his own
but the foe proves to be a real threat
when he freezes jax's gun before
freezing and shattering both of his arms
and leaving him for dead
cole has ali and emily get somewhere
safe while he seeks out sonia
he tracks her down to a junkyard where
she initially attacks him until cole
shows her the mark and says jack sent
him
sonia brings cole into her trailer where
she explains to him that sub-zero has
been after other people who bear the
mark
sonia doesn't have it but jax does after
they came across a super-powered target
that jax fought who already had the mark
and after killing the man the mark
passed itself onto jack's
sonja's research has led her to find out
about an ancient tournament known as
mortal kombat
sonya has captured a ruthless mercenary
named kano who also has the mark and
worked for the black dragon clan
moments later sonia's home is attacked
by shang tsung's henchman reptile
the creature uses camouflage to attack
but kano gets free and punches his fist
through reptile's chest pulling out his
heart
with her research destroyed in the
attack sonia doesn't know what the next
move is until kano states that he knows
she is trying to make it the temple of
raiden and he knows where it is
sonia lies to kano and offers him three
million dollars to help guide her and
coal to the location
they head off into the desert where they
are met by one of raiden's champions lu
kong who has fire abilities
he explains to them the urgency of
defending earth realm since they have
lost nine of the mortal combat
tournaments and one more loss means
shang tsung can arrive to conquer it
blue kong shows that he has rounded up
the remaining champions that he could
including jax who is still unconscious
from his fight with sub-zero
blue kong assures sonia that the other
people working in the temple will do
what they can do heal jax
blue kong brings cole sonia and kano to
meet raiden who is unimpressed by them
before they begin training shang tsung
arrives at the temple with sub-zero and
his demonic henchwoman molina
as sub-zero attacks lu kong he is saved
by his cousin kung lao
prepares his own attack but raiden steps
out to remind him that it is forbidden
to claim victory before the tournament
has begun
he then creates a force field around the
temple to prevent the outworld villains
from continuing their attack forcing
them to leave
lou begins to train the champions by
helping them unlock their inner power or
arcana which is why he has fire powers
and raiden has lightning powers
sonia is not allowed to join the others
because she is not one of the chosen
champions
she goes to jax's side where he is awake
and discovers he has mechanical arms
although he attempts to make use of them
he feels useless and weaker with them
cole and cano get their asses beat by
liu kong and kung lao
lu kong tries to help coal achieve his
arcana by figuring out what it is that
drives him
the fighters have dinner where kano runs
his mouth too much and lu kong and kung
lao antagonize him by stating he is
impulsive and powerless making him an
unworthy fighter
kano snaps which actually activates his
arcana and causes him to fire a laser
beam from his right eye
cole later talks to raiden about the
dragon marking raiden explains to cole
that he has descended from hanzo's
bloodline specifically from the baby
that raiden rescued in the beginning
he also tells cole that the vision he
sees is hanzo wandering through hell
waiting for the day he can get his
revenge on sub-zero
when cole feels that he is not a worthy
champion raiden opens the portal to send
him back to earth realm to be with ali
and emily
shang tsung gathers more fighters for
his next attack including the demon
natara the monstrous prince guro the
brutish raco and the mercenary kabul who
has a personal grudge with kano since
they used to work together with the
black dragon clan and kano left kabul
for dead forcing him to wear his special
new suit
kabul does also feel that kano would be
a good ally for shang tsung's army
kabul meets kano at the temple and
convinces him to defect and join forces
with shang tsung
he uses his laser to destroy the force
field shang tsung and his minions attack
the temple while guro goes after coal in
his family
in the attack sonia fights molina but
the latter chooses not to kill sonia
because she is not a chosen one and
feels her death would be a waste
kabul fights liu kong and overpowers him
jax fights raco but is overpowered and
the brute knocks him and sonja out
before attempting to crush them under a
boulder
jax tries to lift the boulder off sonia
which helps him find his arcana and
causes the arms to grow in size and
strength
natara swoops down for an attack but
kung lao fights her and performs a
fatality by using his metal hat as a
buzzsaw slicing natara in half down the
middle
meanwhile guro is laying coal into the
dirt until he starts to make his way
toward ali and emily
feeling the need to protect his family
cole's arcana is unlocked with his body
being covered in golden armor and
allowing him to create blades to help
him fight guru first slicing off one of
his forearms and then impaling him
through the eyes to kill him
raiden senses this and summons cole back
to the temple revealing his bloodline to
shang tsung and sub-zero
raiden prepares to bring the champions
to the void for protection but shang
tsung grabs kung lao and sucks his soul
out killing him and forcing lu kong to
watch
lu kong mourns his cousin while the rest
of the heroes try to figure out a
strategy for fighting shang tsung's
forces
raiden presents coal with hanzo's kanai
that was recovered after his death and
he encourages coal to use it cole
decides that they should take on the
villains in the style of a tournament
raiden teleports the champions to take
on their respective opponents
jax is sent to fight raco with his new
arms although reiko tries to bring jax
down with his warhammer jax disarms him
and uses his arms to turn racos head
into paste
sonia is sent back to her trailer to
fight kano which ends with her impaling
him through his eye
and his marking is passed down to her
as cole is fighting molina sonja comes
to help and uses her newfound arcana
powers to fire a plasma beam from her
arms to blast a hole through molina's
stomach
blue kong faces kabul again and uses his
own fatality a fire dragon move that
consumes kabul and burns him to a crisp
sub-zero goes to earth realm and finds
ally and emily where he freezes them
alive
coal is summoned to fight sub-zero but
the villain proves to overpower him
when cole's blood touches the canine
this brings hanzo back from hell where
he is revived as scorpion
he returns to battle his nemesis with
cole's help scorpion uses his heat to
revive ally and emily before managing to
trap sub-zero and use his own firepowers
to burn sub-zero to death
before going back scorpion thanks cole
for freeing him and asks him to keep his
bloodline alive
appears once more to retrieve the bodies
of his fighters meaning they may be
brought back to life but raiden banishes
him back to outworld
raiden then tells his champions that
they are victorious but they must gather
more fighters for when shang tsung plans
his next attack
cole is at the gym where he normally
fights and tells the promoter he is
finally quitting and going to hollywood
when asked what's in hollywood cole says
not what who the camera then pans over
to show who cole is looking for
superstar fighter johnny cage